---
layout: post
title: Meeting Minutes
date:   2023-02-16 00:00:01 -0600
category: minutes
---

# Monthly community meeting

## Attendees
* Andrew Musselman
* Trevor Grant

## Intros
Round the room quick introductions

## Recap from last month
Notes from previous session

## JIRA focus
[Build failed on AArch64, Fedora 33]: (https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2139) (need a repro)
[Web site check]: (https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2152)
[Download page improvements]: (https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2153)
[Update NOTICE]: (https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2154)
and
[Migrate off Travis]: (https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2149) which is required now to roll a release out

## Release plans
* Mar: 14.2, point release with minor improvements and new build system
* Apr-Jun: Docker images (Zeppelin + Mahout, e.g.)

## Ideas 
* Python bindings for DSL (XXXL)
* Docker images (XL, including docs)
* New parsing and processing modules
  1. Proof of concept blockchain data and metadata (XXL)
  1. Proof of concept GPL/BSD/ALv2/MIT classifier
* Live code environment (in-browser) to try DSL

## Plans


## Summary and next steps
