---
layout: post
title: Meeting Minutes
date:   2024-03-13 00:00:00 -0800
category: minutes
---
## Weekly community meeting

### Attendees
* Andrew Musselman
* Trevor Grant
* Tommy Naugle

### Old Business

### New Business
1. Coordinate on JIRA
  * Web site cleanup (~210 broken links fixed out of ~220, tommy continuing)
  * Continued qumat data structure work (tommy in flight, akm to review)
1. Ask INFRA to help us make sure PRs are defaulting to main instead of trunk (akm) (done)
1. Kernel method research spike: https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2200
1. Make ticket to add notebooks to notebooks directory in source tree (https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2198)
1. Add execute method to qumat https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2201
1. Rebuild JIRA - now that we have wiped it clean, on the qumat side anyway, lets start grooming tasks into the appropriate components/releases/etc (todo)
  * Including adding filters to all boards so only those tickets show up (todo)

### Other Business
1. Happy hour some week soon, invite collaborators and conspirators
1. Drop this meeting time from two hours to a half hour
