---
layout: post
title: Meeting Minutes
date:   2024-07-17 00:00:00 -0800
category: minutes
---
## Weekly community meeting
[Subscribe](mailto:user-subscribe@mahout.apache.org) to the Mahout User list to ask for details on joining.

### Attendees
* Andrew Musselman
* Trevor Grant
* Tommy Naugle

### Old Business
* Make ticket to add notebooks to notebooks directory in source tree (https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2198)
* Splitting Mahout project code into discrete repos (andrew): https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/MAHOUT/issues/MAHOUT-2204
    * mahout-website
    * mahout-classic
    * mahout-samsara
    * mahout-qumat
* Docker image for web site build (to jowanza) https://issues.apache.org/jira/projects/MAHOUT/issues/MAHOUT-2165
* Next steps for qiskit and cirq back ends (sub-tasks created) issues.apache.org/jira/projects/MAHOUT/issues/MAHOUT-2206
* Roadmap
    * Q2
        * Qumat with hardened (tests, docs, CI/CD) cirq and qiskit backends (in flight)
        * Kernel methods (in flight)
        * Submit public talk about Qumat (accepted, Fossy Aug 2024)
        * Classic in maintenance mode (done)
    * Q3 and beyond
        * Amazon Braket (in flight)
        * Distributed quantum solvers

### New Business
* Next community call Trevor will do a roundtable on automated documentation methods
* Add Braket (Trevor) https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/MAHOUT-2213
